AND HERE'S THE PRIZE OF
MY BASEBALL CARD COLLECTION--
A MICKEY MANTLE
ROOKIE CARD
IN MINT CONDITION.
OH, MAN!
I GOT TWO OF THEM.
WOW. THERE WERE
TWO MICKEY MANTLES?
NO, WALDO.
THERE WERE--
DID THEY PLAY
ON THE SAME TEAM?
NO. WHAT HE MEANT, WALDO--
WHICH ONE WENT HOME
TO MRS. MANTLE?
MEANWHILE. BACK ON PLANET EARTH,
STEVE DECIDES
TO TALK TO EDDIE.
EDDO, I NEED YOU TO
HELP LAURA AND ME
MOVE ALONG
OUR RELATIONSHIP.
I HATE TO BE A DOWNER,
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE
A RELATIONSHIP.
AU CONTRAIRE,
LAURA'SFRERE.
THE LADY'S BEEN
FLIRTING WITH ME.
SHE HAS? YEAH.
LAST WEEK
SHE TELEPHONED ME
IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT.
STEVE, YOUR HOUSE
WAS ON FIRE.
STILL, SHE DID CALL.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM US?
10 MINUTES
OF YOUR TIME.
I DO FEEL COMPELLED
TO WARN YOU THAT
YOUR PARTICIPATION
NECESSITATES
DONNING A COSTUME.
NO WAY.
FORGET IT.
20 BUCKS.
I'M IN.
ME, TOO.
* IT'S A RARE CONDITION *
* IN THIS DAY AND AGE *
* TO READ ANY GOOD NEWS
ON THE NEWSPAPER PAGE *
* AND LOVE AND TRADITION
OF THE GRAND DESIGN *
* SOME PEOPLE SAY
IS EVEN HARDER TO FIND *
* WELL, THEN, THERE MUST BE
SOME MAGIC CLUE *
* INSIDE
THESE GENTLE WALLS *
* 'CAUSE ALL I SEE
IS A TOWER OF DREAMS *
* REAL LOVE BURSTIN'
OUT OF EVERY SEAM *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* WE'RE GONNA FILL
OUR HOUSE WITH HAPPINESS *
* THE MOON MAY CRY *
* BUT WE'LL SMOTHER
THE BLUES WITH TENDERNESS *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* THERE'S ROOM FOR YOU
ROOM FOR ME *
* FOR GENTLE HEARTS
AN OPPURTUNITY *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* IT'S THE BIGGER LOVE
OF THE FAMILY **
I'M SO DEPRESSED.
YEAH. I DON'T THINK
IT'S POSSIBLE
TO BE MORE DEPRESSED
THAN THIS.
HELLO, LADIES.
WE WERE WRONG.
LOOK, THERE
UPON THE COUCH
ARE TWO
BEAUTIFUL GIRLS.
AND ONE OF THEM IS...
MY GIRL.
[HUMMING]
* I GOT SUNSHINE *
* ON A CLOUDY DAY *
* WHEN IT'S
COLD OUTSIDE *
* I'VE GOT
THE MONTH OF MAY *
* I GUESS YOU'LL SAY *
* WHAT CAN MAKE ME
FEEL THIS WAY *
* MY GIRL *
* HIS GIRL *
* YOUR GIRL-- *
UH, UH, UH,
HOLD--HOLD IT.
WHAT IS THIS?
DON'T WE REMIND YOU
OF THE TEMPTATIONS?
NO.
MORE LIKE
THE REPULSIONS.
THEY DIDN'T EVEN
KNOW WHO WE WERE
AND WE PRACTICED
FOR SIX MINUTES.
I'M JUST GLAD
WE GOT PAID IN ADVANCE.
[HUMMING MY GIRL]
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU HIRE NONUNION.
UH, STEVE,
YOU USED TO ANNOY ME
ALL BY YOURSELF.
WHY ARE YOU RECRUITING?
I HOPED FOR A KISS
FOR SINGING A LOVE SONG.
OH, THAT'S SWEET.
STAY OUT OF THIS.
SORRY.
LOOK, I'M
TOO TIRED FOR THIS.
I WAS UP ALL NIGHT.
NAGGING
GAS BUBBLE?
NO. MAX AND I CAMPED OUTSIDE
THE CHICAGO THEATER
TO GET TICKETS
TO THE JOHNNY GILL CONCERT.
BUT THEY WERE SOLD OUT.
LAURA, YOU REALLY LIKE
THIS JOHNNY GILL, DON'T YOU?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
HAIR--BANG!
BODY--POO-POW!
OH, PUH-LESE.
TAKE AWAY HIS FANCY
CLOTHES, PERFECT HAIR,
AND VELVET VOICE,
AND WHAT HAVE YOU GOT?
THE SEXIEST BALD-HEADED
MUTE IN AMERICA.
I'VE GOT EVERYTHING
EVER WRITTEN ON HIM.
OHH.
WOW.
INTERESTING.
LAURA, SUPPOSE
I ARRANGE FOR YOU
TO MEET JOHNNY GILL
PERSONALLY.
WOULD YOU LIKE THAT?
I'D LOVE IT, BUT--
NO BUTS.
SUPPOSE I
MADE IT HAPPEN.
WOULD YOU REWARD ME
WITH A KISS?
SURE. I'D
LAY ONE ON YOU
THAT WOULD WELD
YOUR GLASSES TO YOUR FACE.
YOU HEARD IT?
IT'LL NEVER HAPPEN.
YOU HAVE A BETTER CHANCE
OF BEING HIT
BY LIGHTNING.
OH? MY UNCLE
ELIJAH URKEL
HAS BEEN STRUCK
BY LIGHTNING FOUR TIMES.
AT A PARTY ONCE,
HE CLAMPED CABLES
TO HIS EARLOBES
AND JUMP-STARTED
A VOLKSWAGON.
THEN IN THE SUMMER,
WE USE HIM AS
THE HUMAN BUG-ZAPPER.
HE'S USUALLY KNEE-DEEP
IN DEAD MOSQUITOES.
THEN THERE'S A TIME
WHEN WE WENT CAMPING
AND WE WERE IN DIRE
NEED OF A GENERATOR.
AND WE JUST PLUGGED
THE TOASTER IN ON HIM
AND THE POP TART WERE FLYING.
WELL, I THOUGHT IT WAS
A GOOD STORY.
[TV PLAYS]
CARL, YOU GOT A MINUTE?
IN ABOUT
AN HOUR, HONEY.
NOW IS GOOD.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT NEXT FRIDAY IS?
OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY.
20 BLISSFUL YEARS
OF MARITAL HAPPINESS.
HOW DID THAT SOUND,
SINCERE?
ALMOST.
YOU KNOW THE ONE THING
WE NEVER DID
AFTER WE GOT MARRIED?
PAY THE PREACHER?
NO, I KNOW, I KNOW.
A HONEYMOON.
BUT WE WERE SO POOR.
WHEN PEOPLE THREW RICE
AT THE WEDDING,
I SAVED SOME
FOR DINNER.
CARL.
WOULDN'T IT BE ROMANTIC TO
CELEBRATE OUR 20th ANNIVERSARY
BY FINALLY GOING
ON OUR HONEYMOON?
YEAH...
BUT IT'S
SO EXPENSIVE.
WE NEED
A NEW WATER HEATER,
THE CAR NEEDS TIRES,
JUDY NEEDS BRACES.
IF WE GO,
I'LL WEAR THIS.
HERE IT IS, FOLKS.
CABIN NUMBER 3.
THE HONEYMOON SUITE.
OOH.
IT'S...
IT'S MISSING A WALL.
WELL...YEAH.
THERE'S NO WALL!
UH, NO, THERE ISN'T.
WEll WE'VE REALLY
HAVE TO HAVE A WALL.
ARE YOU SURE?
I MEAN THIS IS
THE HONEYMOON SUITE
AND MOST YOUNG COUPLES
NEVER SEE PAST THE BED.
WE WANT A WALL!
FOLKS, I'M SORRY.
BUT NO CAN DO.
LOOK, LET ME
FILL YOU IN.
WE, UH...
WE COMMITTED, UH, WELL,
A CONSTRUCTION BOO-BOO.
WE STARTED BUILDING
ALL 10 CABINS AT ONCE.
IN THE MIDDLE
OF EVERYTHING,
THE PRICE OF SPRUCE
SKYROCKETED.
IN RETROSPECT IF WE'D BUILT ONE
AT A TIME,
WE WOULDN'T HAVE
BEEN CAUGHT WITH
OUR TOOL BELTS DOWN.
ARE YOU SAYING
NONE OF YOUR CABINS
ARE COMPLETE?
YES, THAT IS WHAT
I WOULD BE SAYING.
LOOK AT THIS.
I GOT ONE FOOT
IN SNOW
AND THE OTHER
ON FLOOR.
YEAH. AIN'T
AMERICA GREAT?
BUT...
WHAT ABOUT
THE WILD ANIMALS?
WELL, IT IS WINTER.
MOST OF THE ANIMALS
THAT EAT PEOPLE
ARE HIBERNATING.
COME ON, HARRIETTE.
WE'LL STAY SOMEPLACE ELSE.
THE NEAREST INN
IS 100 MILES AWAY.
THEY'RE BOOKED SOLID.
YOU'RE JUST
SAYING THAT.
NO, I CALLED MYSELF.
WITH THIS STORM, I WANTED TO
STAY IN A ROOM WITH FOUR WALLS.
CARE FOR SOME TURKEY JERKY?
[HUMMING
CAMPTOWN RACES]
STEVE.
[HUMMING]
STEVE!
HMM?
TELL ME WHY
YOU'RE MAKING ME
SIT WITH YOU.
YOU'LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH,
MY LITTLE TOOTSIE POP.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
GEE, I WONDER WHO
THAT COULD BE.
HI.
DO YOU KNOW
WHO YOU ARE?
I THINK SO.
I'M JOHNNY GILL.
AAH!
MY. MY, MY, MY.
HE SPOKE TO ME.
OH, LAURA.
LAURA.
LAURA. LAURA, GET UP.
OH, MY GOODNESS, LAURA.
JOHNNY.
JOHNNY GILL!
IN MY HOUSE.
AAH!
GET A GRIP,
WOMAN.
EXCUSE ME.
I'M LOOKING FOR A...
STEVE YUCKEL?
THAT'S URKEL.
STEVE URKEL.
LISTEN, MY MANAGER
GAVE ME YOUR MESSAGE.
NOW, LET ME GET
THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU ACTUALLY HAVE A
MICKEY MANTLE ROOKIE CARD
IN MINT CONDITION?
I MIGHT.
WOULD YOU BE WILLING
TO PART WITH IT?
MAYBE, MAYBE NOT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
BUSINESS,
SWEETHEART.
MAN TALK.
JOHNNY, J.G.,
JOHNEROONY.
MR. GILL.
I GOTCHA.
I MIGHT BE
WILLING TO PART
WITH THIS
EXTREMELY RARE
BASEBALL CARD
IF YOU SING
A FEW SONGS
FOR MY HONEY.
AND HOW MANY SONGS
ARE A FEW?
OH, SAY...
10?
SAY...ONE?
EIGHT,
BUT NO BALLADS.
THREE. ALL BALLADS.
SEVEN, AND MAKE
MOON EYES DURING
THE MUSHY PARTS.
FOUR. MOON EYES
DURING TWO.
SIX. HALF BALLADS,
MOON EYES DURING
THE MUSHY PARTS,
AND DURING
THE CHORUS,
SHAKE THE BOOTIE.
HI.
HELLO.
IT'S SNOWING OUT HERE.
WE NOTICED.
WE HAVE A VIEW.
WANT TO HAVE
A SNOWBALL FIGHT?
NO, THANKS.
I DO.
HA HA HA!
NO, NO.
CARL, CARL.
DON'T GO OUT THERE.
YOU'LL CATCH COLD.
HARRIETTE,
THERE'S NO WALL.
IT'S THE SAME
TEMPERATURE IN HERE.
ARE YOU IN A BAD MOOD?
NOW, WHY WOULD I BE IN
A BAD MOOD, HARRIETTE?
I DROVE 3 1/2 HOURS
THROUGH HEAVY TRAFFIC
JUST SO WE COULD
HAVE OUR HONEYMOON
IN A COZY, ROMANTIC
CONSTRUCTION BOO-BOO!
CARL, YOU ACT LIKE
THIS IS MY FAULT.
THERE'S ONLY TWO OF US
IN THE ROOM, HARRIETTE.
AND I KNOW IT'S NOT
MY FAULT.
WAIT A MINUTE, CARL.
I ASKED FOR YOUR INPUT
AS TO WHERE TO GO.
AND YOU SAID THAT
WHATEVER I DECIDED WAS FINE.
WELL, THAT WAS
WHEN I THOUGHT,
YOU KNEW WHAT
YOU WERE DOING.
WHAT?
YES. YOU SHOULD'VE FOUND OUT
ABOUT THE PLACE
WHEN YOU CALLED
FOR RESERVATIONS.
ALRIGHT.
HELLO.
WE'D LIKE TO
BOOK A CABIN
WITH A FIREPLACE,
A KING-SIZE BED,
AND FOUR WALLS.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
CARL, I'M SAYING THAT
WHENEVER THINGS
ARE GOING WELL,
YOU ALWAYS FIND SOME
WAY TO TAKE YOUR SHARE
OF THE CREDIT,
BUT WHEN THINGS
ARE GOING WRONG,
IT'S ALWAYS ME
WHO TAKES ALL THE BLAME.
OH, POOR HARRIETTE!
WHAT A SAD SONG.
I'D PLAY THE VIOLIN
FOR YOU
IF I HAD FEELING
IN MY FINGERS.
OH, THAT DOES IT!
I WASN'T GONNA SAY IT
BUT IT'S GOT TO BE SAID.
OH, IS THAT RIGHT?
THAT'S RIGHT!
CARL WINSLOW...
THERE'S A GOAT
EATING YOUR SHORTS.
YOU KNOW, HARRIETTE,
YOU'VE SAID LOW THINGS
TO ME IN THE PAST,
BUT WHAT THE HECK
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
LOOK.
THERE'S A GOAT
EATING YOUR SHORTS!
HEY!
SHOO!
SHOO, GOAT!
DO YOU BELIEVE THAT?
HE MADE A MEAL
OUT OF YOUR BOXERS.
I WONDER WHAT KIND
OF WINE GOES BEST
WITH UNDERPANTS.
SWEETHEART,
I'M SORRY
I YELLED AT YOU.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
AND I'LL NEVER FORGET
THIS ANNIVERSARY,
ME, NEITHER.
HEY, YOU REMEMBER
WHEN WE FIRST
GOT MARRIED?
OUR APARTMENT
HAD FOUR WALLS,
BUT THAT'S
ABOUT ALL IT HAD.
COULDN'T
AFFORD FURNITURE.
HALF THE TIME
THE FURNACE WAS BUSTED.
HARDLY HAD
ANY HOT WATER.
BUT WE HAD
EACH OTHER.
AND THAT WAS ENOUGH.
IT STILL IS,
FOR ME.
FOR ME, TOO.
I LOVE YOU,
HARRIETTE WINSLOW.
MORE NOW THAN EVER.
HEY.
WHY DON'T YOU
GO INSIDE
AND PUT ON
THAT SEXY NEGLIGEE?
CARL, IT'S FREEZING.
I'LL KEEP YOU WARM.
WHAT ABOUT THE GOAT?
LET HIM GET
HIS OWN WOMAN.
* TONIGHT WILL BE
A SPECIAL NIGHT *
* NO MATTER WHERE WE GO *
* AND I'M SO PROUD
TO BE WITH YOU *
* I JUST WANT
TO LET YOU KNOW *
* YOU'VE GOT ME SAYING *
* MY, MY, MY *
* MY, MY, MY, MY *
* YOU SURE LOOK *
* GOOD TONIGHT *
* AND IT'S SO DAMN FINE *
* YES, YOU DO,
YES, YOU DO *
* AND I'M SO PROUD
TO BE WITH YOU *
* SO PROUD
TO SHARE YOUR LOVE *
* WHOA, MY BABY *
* ALL THAT I WANT
YOU TO DO *
* I WANT YA *
* COME ON-UH,
COME ON-UH, COME ON *
* I WANT YOU TO SAY *
* THAT YOU'RE GONNA
BE ALL MINE *
* YOU'RE GONNA
* BABY, MINE *
* YOU SURE
LOOK GOOD TO *
* NIGHT *
OH, JOHNNY,
YOU WERE GREAT.
YOU WERE WONDERFUL,
INCREDIBLE--
ALRIGHT! ALRIGHT!
I THINK WE GET THE POINT!
WELL...THAT WAS
THE LAST SONG.
I THINK YOU HAVE A...
LITTLE SOMETHING
FOR ME.
YES, INDEEDY.
MY END
OF THE BARGAIN.
YOUR VERY OWN
MICKEY MANTLE
ROOKIE CARD.
YES!
SO, JOHNNY,
CARE TO SING
AT OUR WEDDING
IN A FEW YEARS?
WELL...NO.
I'M A VERY BUSY MAN.
TOO BUSY
FOR A TY COBB
AND HONUS WAGNER?
I'LL BE THERE.
I WON'T.
BYE.
* YOU SURE LOOK
GOOD TO *
* NI-I-I-I... *
HEY, ENOUGH OF THAT!
* I-I-IGHT *
WELL, LAURA,
I ARRANGED FOR YOU
TO MEET JOHNNY GILL.
AND NOT ONLY THAT
I GOT HIM TO SERENADE YOU.
I THINK YOU
OWE ME A KISS.
I KNOW.
A DEAL IS A DEAL.
I COULDN'T HAVE
PUT IT BETTER MYSELF.
AHEM.
ONE MOMENT, PLEASE.
OH, IT'S NO GOOD.
I CAN'T GO THROUGH
WITH IT.
I'M SUPPOSED
TO SAY THAT.
LAURA, I FEEL LIKE
I'M FORCING YOU
TO KISS ME,
LIKE IT'S
A BUSINESS ARRANGEMENT.
WELL, THAT'S
PRECISELY WHAT IT IS.
OH, THAT CHEAPENS IT.
OH, LAURA,
I WANT YOU TO KISS ME,
BUT IT HAS TO BE
VOLUNTARY.
I'LL WAIT FOR THAT
WONDERFUL MOMENT
WHEN YOU WANT
TO KISS ME.
GOODNIGHT, LAURA.
STEVE.
YEAH?
WHAT YOU DID
FOR ME TONIGHT
WAS REALLY SPECIAL.
IT MEANT
A LOT TO ME.
I KNOW THAT
BASEBALL CARD
MEANT A LOT TO YOU.
THE TRUTH IS,
YOU DESERVE A KISS.
YOU MEAN,
YOU WANT TO KISS ME?
I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
I SAID DESERVE,
NOT WANT.
WELL, I'LL TAKE IT!
OH...OH, BOY.
OOHHH!
OOOHHH!
OOH-HOO!
OOH.
OOOH!
OOOH.